Improve Ansible and tools installation, README.md update (#17)
netgroup-polito/edge-infrastructure-ansible: README.md

**Please note**: the port 22/tcp is used by Ansible, so make sure you have a rule for that if the firewall is enabled. 

## Automatic installation (using setup script)

Before proceeding with the installation, please run an ```apt update``` and ``` apt upgrade ```.

> If three arguments are provided, the script will assume that the user wants to set up peering with a remote cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If three arguments are provided, the script will assume that the user would like to install all the required software _and_ to set up a Liqo peering with a remote cluster, using the provided IP address, username, and password.
```

> In this case, it will install Liqo locally and then  configure peering with the remote cluster using the provided IP address, username, and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash
 curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/netgroup-polito/edge-infrastructure-ansible/main/setup/edge-pc-local-setup.sh
 chmod +x edge-pc-local-setup.sh
 sudo ./edge-pc-local-setup.sh <remote_target_ip> <remote_target_user> <remote_target_password>
``` 

> If no arguments are provided, the script will assume that the user wants to install Liqo locally, without peering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no arguments are provided, the script will assume that the user wants to install all the required software (including Liqo on the local machine), without setting up the peering with a remote cluster.
```

The second option could be useful for master node initialization.

```bash
 curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/netgroup-polito/edge-infrastructure-ansible/main/setup/edge-pc-local-setup.sh
 chmod +x edge-pc-local-setup.sh
 sudo ./edge-pc-local-setup.sh
``` 

## Manual installation (using individual ansible files, for expert users)

> There are few files to fill with the real values: ``` inventory ```, ```playbook/roles/liqo-get-kubeconfig-remote/vars/main.yaml ``` and ```playbook/roles/ddns/vars/main.yaml ``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual install is based on multiple Ansible files, which need to be launched individually.
This provides more flexibility in the installation process, e.g., by enabling to customize some parameters (e.g., you can install a software locally or on a remote machine), and by selecting exactly which software has to be installed.
However, this method is discouraged for normal users, which are invited to use the installation script.

There are few files to fill with the real values: ``` inventory ```, ```playbook/roles/liqo-get-kubeconfig-remote/vars/main.yaml ``` and ```playbook/roles/ddns/vars/main.yaml ``` 
```

> Then launch all playbooks one by one:

Reviewer 2: This could be very useful but I suggest to add a headline to each command so users can understand what they are executing.
Thanks!
